---
layout: post
title:  Public Consultation on Proposed Reforms to the Intellectual Property Dispute Resolution System
date:   2018-10-28
permalink: /media/media-release/public-consultation-proposed-reforms-IP-dispute-resolution-system
---
1. The Ministry of Law (MinLaw) launched a public consultation today to gather feedback on proposed reforms to the intellectual property (IP) dispute resolution system. The public consultation will run from 26 October to 30 November 2018.

2. The proposed reforms are based on the recommendations of the IP Dispute Resolution Committee (IPDR Committee), which was established in 2015 to review the IP dispute resolution system in Singapore. The objectives of the review were to:

   a. enhance access to our IP dispute resolution system, particularly for individuals and SMEs; and

   b. position Singapore as a choice venue for IP dispute resolution in Asia.

3. The proposed reforms further take into account the recommendations of the Civil Justice Commission and Civil Justice Review Committee, on the civil justice system in Singapore generally. These recommendations include:

   a. implementing a default case management track with streamlined procedures, with options available for time- and cost-intensive procedures; and

   b. enhancing judicial control over matters such as the number of factual witnesses, the necessity and scope of evidence to be adduced, and the manner in which evidence will be adduced.

**Proposed IP Dispute Resolution Reforms** 

4.A time- and cost-effective system of IP dispute resolution is important for rights holders to effectively safeguard their intellectual creations, ensuring that incentives to innovate and create new works for the benefit of society remain. It also assures potential defendants that they can effectively and efficiently resolve disputes. This supports Singapore’s aim of being a knowledge- and innovation-driven economy.


*Note that this is not the actual press release*
